# Recap
I haven't been getting much done. My anxiety is through the roof, and I've been responding to spikes by eating a lot of sugar. The spike in anxiety is due to uncertainty over short-term hourly job and long-term web-dev job. 

I can practice and retry for vipKids and also apply to other hourly jobs nearby. I can also apply to more jobs on upwork. Getting a shitty job for austin could be a decent one for mexico, where my monthly expenses should be less than 500

In terms of 10,000/month from software-dev, getting the shitty upwork job is the best move because I gain experience towards that goal and can build a project to put on my resume. VipKids is second best becuase I can do it from mexico. Hourly job is last because its a dead end and mostly a waste of time, it merely buys more time here in austin. 

Short-term goals
- cut out all sugar
- save $3000
- get situated in monterrey
- grind hackathons/upwork til I master web-dev and android
- apply to jobs
- if I get one, move back to austin


- cut out sugar
- mantra meditatation every morning 
- tune-up bicycle
- continue earning $400/month from uber eats til net worth reaches 0
  - work saturdays 5pm-12am is sufficient
  - start full-time hourly job if networth reaches zero until I grind up $3k
- grind hackathons/upwork/youtube til master nodejs/react/redux stack
  - 6 hrs/day, 7 days/week -> 42 hrs/week
- apply to jobs 
- grind hackathons/upwork/youtube til master kotlin

while no dev job

  if networth <= 0:
    pickup fulltime hourly work

  grind ubereats saturdays

  grind upwork/youtube/hackathons/personal site/leetcode

  apply to jobs
